⬆️ Update `munich-quantum-toolkit/core` from v3.4.1 to v3.6.0 (#847)
munich-quantum-toolkit/ddsim: UPGRADING.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.3.0]

> This release updates the minimum required `mqt-core` version to `v3.5.1` as well as the `nanobind` version to `v2.12.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release updates the minimum required `mqt-core` version to `v3.6.0` as well as the `nanobind` version to `v2.12.0`.
```
